Add normative reference to JWK spec (#242)
openid/OpenID4VP: openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.md

* `iat`: OPTIONAL. (number). The value of this claim MUST be the time at which the Verifier Attestation JWT was issued using the syntax defined in [RFC7519].
* `exp`: REQUIRED. (number). The value of this claim MUST be the time at which the Verifier Attestation JWT expires using the syntax defined in [RFC7519]. The Wallet MUST reject any Verifier Attestation JWT with an expiration time that has passed, subject to allowable clock skew between systems.
* `nbf`: OPTIONAL. The Verifier Attestation JWT MAY contain an "nbf" (not before) claim that identifies the time before which the token MUST NOT be accepted for processing.

> * `cnf`: REQUIRED. This claim contains the confirmation method as defined in [@!RFC7800]. It MUST contain a JWK [@!RFC7517] as defined in Section 3.2 of [RFC7800]. This claim determines the public key for which's corresponding private key the Verifier MUST proof possession of when presenting the Verifier Attestation JWT. This additional security measure allows the Verifier to obtain a Verifier Attestion JWT from a trusted issuer and use it for a long time independent of that issuer without the risk of an advisary impersonating the Verifier by replaying a captured attestation.

Reviewer: Not sure about this, but felt more natural to me to use the long form when formally mentioning JWK for the first time.
```suggestion
* `cnf`: REQUIRED. This claim contains the confirmation method as defined in [@!RFC7800]. It MUST contain a JSON Web Key [@!RFC7517] as defined in Section 3.2 of [RFC7800]. This claim determines the public key for which's corresponding private key the Verifier MUST proof possession of when presenting the Verifier Attestation JWT. This additional security measure allows the Verifier to obtain a Verifier Attestion JWT from a trusted issuer and use it for a long time independent of that issuer without the risk of an advisary impersonating the Verifier by replaying a captured attestation.
```
